So that was a side issue.
OK so welcome to this story in this part of it.
I'm going to explain how to write and publish it just like that.
And this is based on the story on this page and quite like an explanation of how to do it.
And also the different comments for creating a publisher and also a subscriber.
OK so I assume that you have already installed eclipse and contributed to the roster.
I mean otherwise you can use your text editor for writing the code.
OK so this is my package.
OK so we have gotten workspace.
You say you have a building to it or you.
And now we're going to pull out and this is our inside as I see one.
That is the source file folder.
So first of all we need to create a fight and when to call it Torker city be.
So instead of using the same way in I can also create another fight but there is going to be similar
to again in the beginning of the story and especially for our knowledge that the here OK so I have my
toker node
just the flash not the listener.
And both are empty.
So all I need to do now is to write to copy paste the code that is in the tutorial.
So I'm going to copy it from the code here.
So this is the code for
you to see when I'm going to go the list.
Don't see.
OK so this goes on.
These are two files.
So the first thing you need to the Eurozone is to include those library rows that shows that age.
And also here we are going to create a publisher and a subscriber so the publisher publishes the message.
So this is basically how our publisher and subscriber look like.
OK so we know that we publish publish is a chapter topic and this chapter will carry the message of
time.
The end is yes stream.
So just the message but is going to be published by the talker and then it is going to be collected
by this is which is which implemented subscriber.
And of course you know to get in touch with the Master.
So the talk is that it is a partnership to know it would be publishing the chuck of topic and that is
that we are looking for a chapter we can be contacted for what is first.
OK so now for doing this I mean to do that message seemed the message that these messages are just message
and by the way you need to make sure that you are getting Maylis.
So you find this the package it is yes will get here.
And also you added bonus.
So we can look at the debunkers used the back gate and it depends on the city and its all standard messages.
We provide dependencies for the project.
We are working on the spec and should be looking at the target and also the same thing in the package
that ex-inmate we have to make sure that CDMA is yes.
Okay.
Is it the panacea for both running the program and also building operation.
You have to make sure that we are.
Okay.
So that we know will be the first thing you need to initialize the not using gross.
And you give to this knowing this case is going to be called Torker because this is not going to policy.
So its a talker.
Okay.
So when and you talk.
And then the second step is to create in order to have that and this would represent the references
side to and you know create of it.
So this is done through laws no glass but we provide one object and the you know that will be used for
creating publishers and also for creating subscribers.
So the next step is to create a publisher because we patent the talkers so the doctor is a publisher.
We use Ross publisher of glass to create a publisher object code to check the publishing OK and if not
then you have to read it here.
And then one of the methods is us gay advertisers love to advertise and you told me whose name is chatter
and the message is I see I see.
Yes.
And this is the buffer size how many messages can be actually accumulated before being processed or
up to ten thousand OK.
So so far we cannot stop publishing anything but just we are a new publisher.
OK so here we divide the Lubavitchers and this is the start of a comeback.
This is the center for the topic.
Almost nothing is published yet.
OK.
So we are way to use these objects either very selective on the part of the best.
OK so to get some DNA on that we can do this using the grocery class and we can see that this could
be and ugly.
And we are willing to create one message for.
So one last question and this is the number of messages.
Second if I want them to be specific and Jiji to 1 0 or if I want 100 message for a second that can
change it too.
So this is the number of messages per second.
So in this case I'm going to change it to one second.
That's what I see.
So I'm going to make the publisher publishing messages each one second and of course you can choose
this one if you want to post these two seconds.
You can put this up on my sister second so this case will have one major and one message each 10 seconds.
So I'm going to make it one.
OK.
Now we are going to make this look for the publisher.
So why GROSZ OK this is easy to see on the side of the usual press control-C So this is better than
me because well to this is.
If you make less OK so you can actually enter the program by placing Control-C to see later on this.
How to stop the problem when he is writing.
OK so now everything is only read first put me into my search to be published.
So I'm going to create a message of Pepsi.
OK so this is a rare sight in Pakistan.
The message is and that this industry this is C++ will put him to work.
I will become fine in the message that I have created.
MC So you think the sort of attributes that you think are so amazing those data is going to echo to
the masses that I have formulated
and then I'm going to make this what I read.
So I polish person so that with the message that is published and.
So this is the key point here.
This is where the message will be published.
So this is message.
So we are going to call check the publisher
and then we are going to call the Publish method to publish method to put the message of type some of
that is yes of course the site was already specified here.
So if you put any of message on the front that is going to be a compilation error.
So obviously you think that the publisher has taken a stand on the street.
This is the same type of the message that you find here.
OK so not everything is really fine.
I know to make all those months so this is actually it allows us to send all the messages that are in
the buffer so publish will put the message in about her only when she was a biscop then the message
would be processed and would be effectively Poche that we are going to try to stop what would happen.
OK and finally I'm going to make a small sip of one second before publishing the next message that we
might encounter.
I repeat all the process so here we are going to publish one message.
Steps three which are in work because we should be reminded each time.
OK.
And finally this is going to be printed in the terminal.
And finally zero because this is the arm.
So this is a very simple program OK to present a model what anybody should come across later on we are
going to make some other stories and get all that messages.
But the police say no.
So again it may all to us to say right now.
Not long go.
First of all I need to make a small contribution to make this OK.
I need to make a see so that the new goal is compact because if you don't get it site you don't have.
So now I'm going to make it work space and they can actually make.
OK.
Now does that make me look at you decompiled the newly created Torker.
Because it was not it was not.
So this is another not that is you know for example finding any any kind of conclusion ever.
Ok if I make any competition or on purpose.
We can say that the company is not going to make another go at it.
Nothing has changed.
So enough to make this getting more space to make this fight.
And finally I one executable so I'm just going to come in here to I'm going to ask you for one of the
talker.
Again this is actually the same this is also explained in the story here.
OK.
You told me to execute it works.
So.
So give me exactly what we call.
OK.
Final question of the it as such so is the name of the file that we have created that is seen by the
that you need to do.
This is a good one.
That is the talk you get with vocabularies so you can compile fine.
Otherwise it is just not happening.
This is my message but in this particular case.
We don't have any comment at the moment.
Now if I can and get a key made of course the effect of this or message of this should be detected.
OK.
So there is a letter here it says it is used not the clock.
This is just because you have to define it twice.
So now I'm going to make it right then.
Let me combine again.
So now consider when it's created and is called Tavor.
So we are almost done now the next step is to create to run this executable.
OK.
We're going to drop.
So this is a good will is inside the workspace and inside the building of all your baggage.
So I'm going to make a fuss first of all to run Roscoe OK so I can but no I don't trust Mr. OK.
The second step would be to
the you know that you got me to select from the name of the packages.
OK.
And then I can find what they have told you already and you can make a dog or
you can see know everything works fine.
It's think the same message I published the word message.
OK.
Exactly the same way that you didn't hear in be.
If I compiled again so I haven't change.
I don't need his help to get the letter.
Working capital letters so you can search and you can also visit here.
So I was Doherty's.
So all I need to do.
I'm going to go back again.
Using the mailing engine you talk.
OK.
Now I can say you guys you know the changes affect me makes it her the.
So then on the machine they can actually verify this.
So you can listen to any published topic using Russ..
So first of all stopping a call or stopping this so I can find my chatter topping up.
I can't believe I mentioned above the topic was topic useful.
OK.
So it's a type of message history case you know was partially the topic of this role for no suspect.
All we want to know.
OK now I'm going to stop over.
I want to see.
OK so when I see it it's white because you mean the OK.
OK.
OK so why he's not going to run forever OK.
So if I make those totally again find the title because I know how close the toker know I'm going to
look bad could not again gay and can't get the gist big comes back ok.
I know I can also make big people I would love to listen to his message.
So you can see how that is published we can we can write the content of that message so we can see here
they can see it this way.
This is the beauty of the message and this is the message that the Spanish word.
So everything works fine for the talker.
OK for substracting the talk using something but also to the subscriber for the title.
So now this is not a fight that you can be OK.
No.
OK.
So again we do all those cases the fantasy is also the story of sodomizes package.
OK so stuff we're going to create this this which we subscribe to the Chucko topic.
OK.
That's very simple.
So I would say the only function we first need to know as we did with the doctor and this is you are
going to call it initialising.
We know know the reference you see when we get to the doctor at least this time will be.
No but you can.
And finally I want to get a subscriber.
So the subscriber is the class but it will allow me to stop.
And no this is not how we get here.
The subscriber will take the first name of the topic its structure.
So I have a chapter on this topic and they have to tell you the name of the book to be subscribe to.
This is the buffer size how many messages will be back for that process.
You can put a number if you really low number one if you have two messages that come to the bottom one
of them of course.
And finally OK we are able to create a threat OK for processing any incoming message.
So this is a subscriber OK and for subscriber Amos's the process it must be processed right.
So we are able to create a function that we would call a callback.
This callback will be automatically executed whenever a new message.
OK all the chatter got me will we.
Let me see what I see.
Message the callback.
So I tried to pull back but to keep it any other way.
So automatically executed OK whenever a message see here or the name of the message of the message that
would be executed and that I need to find that and I thought OK.
So it's a voice of code that it takes on my part.
That is the message OK.
So I pointer to the message stream.
OK so this cost of the optics is also wanted for the message.
OK.
And finally Whenever I just speak you know I don't have too much processing here.
But of course what other topics you need to process you need to process it in different ways.
You can just to stay the message or at least say I heard person ask you this is my system is very simple.
And of course you should not forget to me cruel to me.
This is supposed to be months once we the process the first one time.
And trust me and I'm just processing all of the incoming messages in the callbacks.
This is a different source.
Once it stays on for about time that the back of incoming message has to be processed.
And once we make the that any messages callback functions so that's it.
Now the reason that I can say we are going to execute it of course I need to come to my house you make
this copy from your quantification.
So this is this is another this is the name of the note I'm going to get.
And this is the name of the file that they have created.
This not add to the list.
OK.
In the other way I'm going to be back to this.
Let's talk about Mr..
So you know no to all the letters.
That's very simple.
OK.
So the next step would be to say to go by you know to make workspace.
This could mean
for some time now we can see there is a new executable that is generated.
It's the listener.
OK so fine I can go around my my both nodes.
So let us run.
OK but before I knew the.
Let's let's run this.
OK.
Now there is nothing that you discover is never into that one because there is no.
So I love the daughter OK because if for a public message I heard the word too.
So this class would be executed.
OK so you can see this is
a new message.
OK.
So his message started to go to YouTube and so on.
So if I saw
day of the last Mrs. 4:37 and he said is so it works fine.
So I'm sure if I want to get the frequency with the son one message each to say it's going to click
into one.
OK.
Twenty two point five
I'm going to make another me.
So I told her so now are two seconds and you can see that such prejudice is missing.
OK so now it's second messages generated.
Because I have just seen the talker.
OK.
So what happens when I subscribed for any message Mrs. OK the callback for the call button function
to be executed.
But this is going to be using grazin force us to eat please.
It's going to be this message.
OK.
I've heard that the message is this is this is the message you see that this is the easy to see because
you can see here she works that much from
OK
so or the publisher already told you just before finishing you can do the same.
And listen to music by for whatever reason that is you see.
This is the piping version.
OK.
So this is a person that you don't eat pork roast by the roots.
And also the Wall Street message from some of the messages package.
And then we have to find a new function that is called Dr. OK so you start when you create a perfect
type checker.
Ok off topic for the type of message you see the one that you put in.
Yes I did you say it's only for text messages.
There usually is no.
OK so one of the differences is that the publisher is using frostbite 5 class not with the handler.
It's been banned here.
And that you should you know again the CROSSFIRE does it not.
OK.
You know here it started we are going to publish the message is certainly so who the heck is going to
be one one second.
Why.
OK.
Look would.
This is equivalent to OK in the US we create Heyworth message.
OK.
By the time and finally we are going to read the message published see for some time.
According to the plan here.
So he got my message for I said so this is all about the document.
You can see that in the US version.
It was the same one that you find the main function to execute this method call and that's it.
So the contract is when you use file for finding your notes.
You don't need to add anything.
You could make these so all you need to do day is to go to
the father he'll have the skills for that and make sure that you're not executable.
So usually you can do this if you say age old 7 7 7 8 x the name of an object is OK.
So you have to have an executable if it is not executable so this scholar and if want to if you want
to know who that's going to make us slum and then looking at the two men talking about.
So this is the name of the executable Python code.
What is it.
You can see here is the time of day.
OK.
Now I can on my subscriber that I really see this plus start OK and you can see it works pretty much
finer than I am and it's not easy.
Let's let's and it works pretty much
the same way you can buy it.
So we import those foreign imports the message from standard messages can and we are willing to find
them is all need to do is initialize a node and then create the subscriber of course both of them using
crossfire.
So this is the table the note that this is the name of the topic chapter which you can find in the main
method.
We just need pullouts the listener.
And of course you need to define that because it's called that OK.
This is the callback.
Let the child find out what you can keep and so that will be a starter.
And finally we believe.
You can see there is no pointers to that in the garden.
But actually the rule of thumb here is when you want to use like us weeks maybe bison would be more
appropriate.
But if you want to make like larger programs in this case that's more appropriate.
But it's up to you to decide what they want to use and or six plus letters so we can execute.
We can also use it but it takes a good five years.
It doesn't mean it's not going to pop.
It works like I got out of here like I'm told for the nursery
on the end of the season.
It works fine.
So I hope that was helpful for you.
Thank you for your attention this year.
In the next story is.